Approach: The likelihood of a delay time distribution (DTD) model is
evaluated by comparing the number of type Ia supernovae (SNe Ia)
expected by the model in each galaxy, to the number that was actually
observed, for all galaxies in the survey. The star formation histories
(SFH) for galaxies in the GOODS field are convolved with assumed DTD
functions to predict SN Ia rate histories, and subsequently the number
of events observed over the effective duration of the survey. The
likelihood of observing the number of events is the product of Poisson
probabilities on the number expected for all galaxies, which is
evaluated in a log-likelihood. The parameters of the DTD are explored in
a MCMC to arrive at the maximum likelihood parameters.

SFHs are provided by Camila Pacifici, for work done on the properties of
galaxies in the GOODS fields, selected to m_lim(H) < 24

DTDs are a family of unimodal models, described by a fucntion dependent
on location, width, and kirtosis. While there's no mathematical limits
in the function, the physical limit is that DTD must have values
(naturally positive) in the positive range of look-forward
time. Otherwise, the convolved product with the SFHs would require SNe
forming before their parent stars form, or SNe taken away from galaxies
rather than forming within them. This is built in to the code to retun
zero probability if there is effectively no physical DTD to convolve
with.

the log-likelihood is coded to add only the expected number of events
for galaxies which did not host SNe Ia, and the expected number with the
expotenital term of the Poission expectation for galaxies which did. In
GOODS, no host produced more than one SN Ia, which could further
simplify the math, but was not exploited.

L. Strolger, 2018-06

2018-06-20: The routine is currently coded on the 10 epochs of the
GOODS-S survey, only looking at the events that occurred in the duration
of that survey. We also reject 2002ht and HST04Gre as they occured in
host that are fainter that the SFH selection magnitude limit.



